33.Python program to illustrate constructor inheritance.
34.Python program to check prime number using object oriented approach.
35.Python program to count number of objects created
36.Python program to check Armstrong number using object oriented approach.
37.Python program to check Palindrome number using object oriented approach.
38.Student height record program for a school in Python using oops.
39.Building Restaurant Menu using Class in Python using oops.
40.Program for students marks list using class in Python
41.Program to manage a phone store (mobile shop) record using class in Python
42.Program to build flashcard using class in Python.
43.Python program to add two distances.
44. Python program to find elder of two persons.
45.Python program to add accounts in a bank (Bank Management System)
46.Python program to get student details as input and print the result after updating the marks
47.Arrays of Objects Example in Python
48.Searching of objects from an array of objects using ID in Python.
49.Hierarchical Inheritance Example in Python.
50.Constructor Initialization Example in Python
51.Parameterized Constructor and Destructor Example in Python
52.Python program to add numbers using Objects
53.Multiple Inheritance Example in Python
54.Multilevel Inheritance Example in Python
55.Python program to add objects '+' using operator
56. Write a python program to perform method overloading.
57. Write a python program to perform Method Overriding.
58. Write a python program to explain how filter function works.
59.Given a list of strings, write a python program to filter out the strings that have more than 2 characters.
60.Given a list of strings, write a python to filter out the empty strings.
61.Python program to see the working of filter() method
62.Python program to search student record using percentage
63.Python program to illustrate Matrix Addition using Class.
64.Python program to compare two objects using operators.
65.Python program to illustrate the working of list of objects.
66.Python program to convert hours into days.
67.Python program to illustrate the working of abstract method.












